[Autogenerated] in this clip,
I'll walk you through How to get set up with sage Maker studio.
But first, a quick note about costs.
Sage maker studio itself is free and it sits on top of sage maker.
Like other AWS services.
You only pay for what you use,
but you can get started for free for the first two months.
And then after that, you'll pay for what you use For more details.
You can check out these sage maker pricing page here
under sage maker slash pricing.
If you view sage maker in the past and you're already
outside of that two month free window, don't worry.
If you complete all the demos in this course,
your costs should still be less than $1.
So with that in mind, I'll show you how to set up Sage Maker studio.
And then we'll also take a brief tour of three
different examples that come with it.
Here I am logged into the AWS management console.
I'll go to the Fine services search box and type in sage maker.
We'll select that and then on the top left Select Amazon Sage Maker studio.
If you scroll down on the right,
you'll see there's two different ways to get started.
You could do quick start or sage Maker will configure all the defaults for you.
Or, if you want more control over the set up, you can use standard.
We're going to go with Quick Start.
First, we'll need to choose a username.
You can choose whatever you want here.
I'm going to do PS for Pluralsight machine learning
and then you need an execution role.
You'll see here.
It says that sage maker studio requires permissions
to access other AWS services,
and the execution role must have the Amazon sage
maker full access policy attached.
We're gonna let sage maker help us with this,
so I'll select this drop-down and say, Create a new role here on top.
Down on the bottom,
you'll see this allows access to any S3 bucket or
object with sage maker in the name,
as well as things with tags of sage maker equals true.
And then any S3 bucket with a bucket policy
allowing access to sage maker on top.
You can optionally allow access to any S3 bucket specific
buckets or none for what we're doing.
I'm gonna leave all the defaults here and then say Create role success,
scrolling down a little bit more want to hit submit back in the control panel.
This will take a few minutes to set up for the first time.
You want to keep an eye on status down here and see what it's done.
I'll pause the video for a minute and be back when it's ready,
and it looks like Sage Maker studio was ready.
So over here on the right, you'll click on Open Studio.
This will also take a couple minutes to launch,
so we'll be back in just a minute.
And here's Sage Maker studio now.
This isn't a course about sage maker studio per se,
but we'll be working with several of the features as we go along.
The first thing I want to show you is how to get the sage maker.
Studio examples will be using one of them in our demos,
but there are many others that are great to work through.
Azure getting started.
I'm going to switch over to the launcher tab up here.
I'll scroll down to System Terminal, and what we want to do here is clone,
the repository of sage maker examples We'll do that with get clone.
HTTPS GitHub dot com AWS labs slash Amazon hyphen Sage maker Hyphen examples.
.NET This is going out and grabbing the examples,
and you'll see him over here on the left hand side in
a folder called Amazon Sage Maker.
Examples.
Now that's done.
I'll just give you a really quick tour over here through the folders.
I'll expand this just a little bit.
Here.
You can see there's examples for a lot of different parts of machine learning.
ID encourage you to check these out.
We're going to go to the AWS Sage Maker studio folder and
there's a getting started folder in here,
and there just happens to be a customer insurance scenario that
we're going to be working with in our demos,
So I'll click on this.
Now when you open up a notebook, you're going to be asked to select the kernel.
What's happening here that's really nice about sage maker studio is it's
automatically going to spin up the underlying infrastructure.
You need to run this notebook.
If you'd work with sage maker prior to studio,
you'll know that you had to manually go through and set up
your instance and create your notebook.
But it's all happening with one step here, which is super convenient.
The kernel we want to use is Python three data Science.
Now there seems to be a little bit of a bug here where you have to
mouse over these items to see what they're called.
I'm hoping that will be fixed,
but we want to select Python three Data science and select on the lower left.
You'll see kernel starting.
While that's starting, let me just move a few things around here.
Once the kernel is started, you'll see appear on the top, right?
If you click into this information about the
instance type that we're running on, you'll see M L t.
Three medium.
We could actually change the instance type from here if we wanted to.
But I'm gonna leave it as it is.
We'll cancel.
You'll also see the kernel information up here.
We're using Python three data science,
but we could switch the kernel here if we wanted to.
I'll cancel lot of that and we'll ramp up in this demo.
You saw how to set up Sage maker studio,
how to clone the examples repository and how to
launch your first Jupyter notebook.
Nice work.
Next up, we'll start digging into machine learning concepts,
talking about when it makes sense to use machine learning. And when it doesn't, I'll see you there.